docs: added  POAP Readme.md (#98)
desmos-labs/desmos-contracts: contracts/poap/README.md

# POAP contract

Contract that allows users who has a Desmos profile to mint POAP nft via cw721-poap contract.
To easily interact with the contract you can use the `poap` script available [here](https://github.com/desmos-labs/contract-utils/tree/main/utils), 
otherwise you can take a look at the supported messages in the following sections.

## Instantiate Message
Allows to initialize the contract. This message has the following parameters:
* `admin`: Address of who will have the right to administer the contract;
* `minter`: Address of who can mint tokens to other users;
* `cw721_code_id`: Id of the CW721 contract to initialize together with this contract;
* `cw721_instantiate_msg`: Initialization [message](../cw721-poap/README.md#instantiate_message) that will be sent to the CW721 contract;

> * `event_info`: Information about the event which defines [here](#EventInfo).

Author: ```suggestion
* `event_info`: Information about the event which is defined [here](#EventInfo).
```
